So we don't need anything else for our parameter file.
We'll continue down.
We have security groups established.
Now, let's go back to our reference document.
In this case, what we're going to do is we're going to be creating an auto scaling group.
So when you're creating an auto scaling group,
an auto scaling group what it does is,
it will create servers based on a criteria.
So you could want zero servers,
that's an actual valid value, zero.
You could have 100,
you can have 200 based on whatever criteria you define.
For example, if you have one server
running and the CPU was being used too much like 80 percent,
90 percent of the CPU,
that means that machine probably need help.
So that would meet their criteria to spin up another server.
Once the CPU usage comes back down,
that secondary machine is no longer needed and it would be discarded.
Now, how does the auto scaling group know what to lunch?
Yeah, it would need to understand what type of server are you trying to run,
when to run it, and all those things.
So in this case,
what we're going to do is we're going to provide the auto scaling
group what is known as the launch configuration.